Add documentation about RocksDB usage (#827)
rsksmart/devportal: _rsk/node/configure/reference.md

* `database.import.enabled = [true/false]`
  enable the import sync.

## keyvalue.datasource (experimental)

> Selects the database that will be used to store the information. Possible databases are to select are:
> 
> * `leveldb` (default).
> * `rocksdb` (experimental)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selects the database that will be used to store the information.
Possible options are:

* `leveldb` (default)
* `rocksdb` (experimental)
```

> It is good idea to reset the database everytime you want to switch between different db storage, for instance from `leveldb` to `rocksdb` or viceversa, so that way the data is stored in the format of the selected DB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to switch between the different storage options,
for example from `leveldb` to `rocksdb` or vice versa, 
you must **restart** the node with the import option each time you do so.
```

> **Warning:** be aware that this is a experimental version and it is still in test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Warning:** This feature is considered experimental, do not use in production.
```
